Assorted LKMs - Darin Ellis 5/16/2018

OVERVIEW
The are 3 main components to this repository. There are 2 loadable kernel 
modules (LKMs), and a small linux kernel patch file. There is also a small
test program for the first module.

All of these modules were created and tested using User Mode Linux (UML),
with version 4.4.108 of the linux kernel.

-Module 1: hellocall
	This module (soft of) adds a simple system call that prints "hello".
	What is actually does hijack calls to the deprecated system call
	remap_file_pages() while it is loaded. So when remap_file_pages() is
	called, the system call handler actually directs the kernel to execute
	code in the module. It requires a small patch to the linux kernel to
	be able to modify the system call table.

-Module 2: counter
	This module creates a read only psuedo file in /proc called "counter".
	It simply contains a count of every time the file has been opened. 

INSTALLATION
The kernel can be patched with ProjectE.patch using "patch -p1 < ../export_systable.patch"
while inside of the source tree's main directory. The kernel I worked with had 
"make modules" applied to it. export_systable.patch was generated using 
"diff -uNr sourceLINUX modifiedLINUX". The only modification this patch
performs is to export the symbol table so that the first LKM can access it. 

The LKMs and test program can be built using the provided Makefiles.
NOTE: The Makefile may require an edit to the build path. 
	Particularly, the name of the directory containing the Linux source
	tree may need to be changed to match yours.

USAGE

-Module 1: hellocall
	Load the module with "insmod hellocall.ko".
	Invoke the hello() (pseudo-)system call by calling remap_file_pages()
	with any arbitrary arguments. 

-Module 2: counter
	Load the module with "insmod counter.ko".
	View the created file at /proc/counter (after mounting proc in UML).

All modules need to be removed by using "rmmod -f <module name>". For some
reason, rmmod without -f is not sufficient.

TESTING

-Module 1: hellocall
	There should be a provided "test" directory with a simple c program
	that invokes hello() through calling remap_file_pages(). Invoke the 
	Makefile with "make ARCH=um" to compile it and 
	invoke the program with "./hellotest" while hellocall is loaded.

-Module 2: counter
	Test by loading and viewing /proc/counter.	
